This is one of the coolest Minecraft
websites I've ever seen. And it works on
both Java and Bedrock. It's called
Creative Mode, and it lets you create
brand new mobs, items, and blocks
without any coding. So, if you've ever
wanted something added to Minecraft, you
can add it easily. I literally changed
majors from computer science because it
was too hard. So, being able to mod the
game with just text prompts is insane.
Like, I made this sound staff that plays
bell noises and knocks enemies away with
its sound. And there's a whole library
of other mods that people made. like
this one just adds colored water to the
game, which is so cool and should just
be in Minecraft to begin with. And this
one shouldn't be in Minecraft, but it's
really fun anyway because it adds an
Iron Man suit of armor to the game that
lets you shoot rockets at people and
even adds this awesome HUD screen when
you wear the full set. It can add
crafting recipes for the items and
blocks and make custom mobs drop custom
items. It's AI powered, so it's
obviously not perfect, but it does a
pretty great job and is so much fun to
play around with. And if it isn't
perfect, you can ask it to change the
mod to your liking. Check out
creativeote.net